# How to submit runs

!!! info "What is a run?"

    A run at AgenticInstruction Task consists of jsonl outputs generated by `geniie-lab` using your instruction method. If you developed two instruction methods, you will have two `run-id`.  Submitted runs will be included in the task overview paper.

!!! question "How many session files do we need to include per run?"

    Participants are expected to include at least two session files per run. One using BM25, and another using Sparse Encoder (denoted as `splade`) for your choice of language (English or Japanese).

    If your method is applied to both English and Japanese, then four session files should be included per run (English + BM25, English + Sparse, Japanese + BM25, Japanese + Sparse).


!!! question "How many runs can we submit?"

    We plan to accept up to THREE runs per group for NTCIR-19.

    :bulb: You can perform additional experiments with more methods and report findings in your participant paper.


!!! note "Session Name"

    See [Common settings](https://github.com/geniie-lab/geniie-lab/blob/dev/docs/experiments/common_settings.md) to learn how to set a session name in your experiments.

    **Format**

    `[group-id]-[language]-[ir-model]-[run-id]`

    - `language`: `en` or `ja`
    - `ir-model`: `bm25` or `splade` (Sparse Encoder)
    - `run-id`: `1`, `2`, `3` (Your instruction method ID, up to 3)

    **Examples**

    |Group ID|Language|IR Model|Run ID|Session Name|
    |:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
    |tsukuba48|English|BM25|1|`tsukuba48-en-bm25-1`|
    |tsukuba48|English|BM25|2|`tsukuba48-en-bm25-2`|
    |tsukuba48|English|Sparse Encoder|1|`tsukuba48-en-splade-1`|
    |tsukuba48|Japanese|BM25|1|`tsukuba48-ja-bm25-1`|

    :bulb: It's okay to change the session names after the run files are generated.

!!! abstract "Run File Name"

    `geniie-lab` saves log files in the `logs` folder: `.jsonl` and `.log`. Please rename each `.jsonl` file to its session name plus the `.jsonl` extension.

    **Example**

    A session named `tsukuba48-en-bm25-1` is submitted as `tsukuba48-en-bm25-1.jsonl`.

!!! success "Submission"

    Send your jsonl files to `agenticinstruction-org at googlegroups dot com` by the submission deadline. Follow the instruction below.

    - Subject: NTCIR-19 AgenticInstruction Task Submission
    - Body: Make sure to include your group ID and brief summary description of each of your runs


!!! question "Questions?"

    Contact us via [Discord server](http://discord.gg/zvXkNKtEGa) or email `agenticinstruction-org at googlegroups dot com`.

